Added a few examples (#64)
gotify/server: README.md

GOTIFY_UPLOADEDIMAGESDIR=images
```

### Examples
---

> After creating your application, copy the `token` ( from `apps` tab )

Reviewer: I guess it would be good to make it more specific what kind of token it is (there is a client token and an application token) the REST-API also provides functionality to obtain the app-token.
```suggestion
You can obtain an application-token from the apps tab inside the UI or using the REST-API (`GET /application`)
```

NOTE: Assuming `gotify` is running on `http://localhost:8008`.

**curl**
  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8008/message?token=<token-from-application> -d '{"message": "This is my message", "priority":2, "title":"This is title" }' -H "Content-Type: application/json"
  ```

**wget**
  ```bash
  wget -S  --header="Content-Type: application/json" --post-data '{"message": "This is my message", "priority":2, "title":"This is title" }' "http://localhost:8008/message?token=<token-from-application>"
  ```

**python**

  Install `requests` using `pip install requests`

  ```python
  import requests
  resp = requests.post('http://localhost:8008/message?token=<token-from-application>', json={
      "message": "Well hello there.",
      "priority": 2,
      "title": "This is my title"
  })
  print(resp.text)
  print(resp.status_code)
  ```

**golang**

>   ```go

Reviewer: The go example can be a simple one-liner (:
``` go
http.PostForm("http://localhost:8008/message?<token-from-application>", url.Values{"message": {"My Message"}, "title": {"My Title"}})
```
